
Activate: Changing the world through technology

    http://www.guardian.co.uk/activate


    As part of this year's Activate Summit in London, the Guardian and
    Rewired State have partnered with Nokia and BlueVia to bring you
    (H)activate - a cause-led hack running at our headquarters in
    Kings Cross on the weekend of the 18th and 19th June.

    For those of you who don't know, Activate is the Guardian's
    platform for people working with the internet and its associated
    technologies, to change the world for the better.

    Through events in London and New York and across our online
    platform at guardian.co.uk/activate, Activate gathers together
    many of the world's leading thinkers and doers to discuss how we
    build a more connected and collaborative planet.

    (H)activate will give developers the chance to get involved in a
    key Guardian project with a global reach and to meet and work with
    like minded developers who believe that we can improve lives
    through intelligent use of data and technology.

    The ultimate aim of (H)activate is to apply our community's vision
    and creativity to areas that market forces wouldn't normally
    reach. What we hope to facilitate is a meeting of minds where we
    challenge some of the brightest developers to construct real-world
    applications that can improve people's lives.

    What are we looking for from the hack?

    Anything goes - From a tool that tracks and registers pot holes in
    your local community to a data capturing SMS service in
    sub-Saharan Africa aimed at improving social services, we're
    looking for any ideas that can make a difference to people's
    lives, no matter how big or small.

    Domestic and international - Ideally your idea will be national
    boarders-ambivalent traversing easily from domestic to
    international contexts but if your hack is specifically focused on
    the UK or conversely on an international application that's
    totally fine.

    Web and mobile - Again, if your idea works across mobile and web
    platforms all the better, but if it's one or the other then that's
    also fine.

    Places are limited, and will be decided from a sift of all
    applicants. If you're keen to attend we need you to fill in this
    form - http://rewiredstate.org/events/hactivate-2011. If you can
    convince us that you have the right skill set, passion and vision
    to create a hack that has a positive impact on society then we'd
    love to hear from you.

    And what's in it for you?

    This is a free to attend hack with food (pizza) and drink (beer)
    provided and plenty of opportunities to get your hands on a load
    of cool prizes, from the latest geek gadgets to the chance to
    secure further development funding for your hack.

    And for the hack that our esteemed panel of experts judge to be
    the outright winner, you'll get the chance to present your hack at
    the Activate Summit on 22nd June in front of an audience 300+
    delegates and speaking alongside the likes of Alec Ross from the
    US State Dept, Ory Okolloh from Google and Michael Birch, founder
    of Bebo and Monkey Inferno.
